feat: docs in website! (#5)
web3-storage/www: src/pages/docs/index.mdx

import { Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

**Under the hood, web3.storage is backed by the provable storage of [IPFS](https://ipfs.io) and [Filecoin](https://filecoin.io).**

> When it comes down to building your next application, service, or website, web3.storage keeps it simple. You get all the benefits of decentralized storage technologies with the frictionless experience you expect in a modern dev workflow. **All you need to use web3.storage is an account and your data.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes down to building your next application, service, or website, web3.storage keeps it simple. You get all the benefits of decentralized storage technologies with the frictionless experience you expect in a modern dev workflow. **All you need to use web3.storage is a key pair and your data.** 
```

Should we get out of the account naming?

> When it comes down to building your next application, service, or website, web3.storage keeps it simple. You get all the benefits of decentralized storage technologies with the frictionless experience you expect in a modern dev workflow. **All you need to use web3.storage is an account and your data.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes down to building your next application, service, or website, web3.storage keeps it simple. You get all the benefits of decentralized storage technologies with the frictionless experience you expect in a modern dev workflow. **All you need to use web3.storage is a key pair and your data.** 
```

Should we get out of the account naming?
